update readme and templates to reflect changes in datapipes (#120)
openclimatefix/PVNet: README.md

For this example we will be using the `streamed_batches.yaml` config. Like before, a placeholder variable is used when specifing which configuration to use:

`configuration: "PLACEHOLDER.yaml"`

This should be given the whole path to the config on your local machine, such as for our example it should be changed to:

`configuration: "/FULL-PATH-TO-REPO/PVNet/configs/datamodule/configuration/gcp_configuration.yaml"
`

Where `FULL-PATH-TO-REPO` represent the whole path to the PVNet repo on your local machine.

### Running the batch creation script

Run the save_batches.py script to create batches with the following example arguments as:

```
python scripts/save_batches.py datamodule=streamed_batches +batch_output_dir="./output" +num_train_batches=10 +num_val_batches=5
```

In this function the datamodule argument looks for a config under `PVNet/configs/datamodule`. The examples here are either to use "premade_batches" or "streamed_batches".

Its important that the dates set for the training, validation and testing in the datamodule (`streamed_batches.yaml`) config are within the ranges of the dates set for the input features in the configuration (`gcp_configuration.yaml`).

> If downloading data from gcp bucket or satellite data make sure to authenticate gcloud:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If downloading private data from gcp bucket make sure to authenticate gcloud (the public satellite data does not need authentication):
```

```
gcloud auth login
```

For files stored in multiple locations they can be added as list. For example from the gcp_configuration.yaml file we can change from satellite data stored on a bucket:

```
satellite:
    satellite_zarr_path: gs://solar-pv-nowcasting-data/satellite/EUMETSAT/SEVIRI_RSS/v4/2020_nonhrv.zarr

```

To satellite data hosted by Google:

```
satellite:
    satellite_zarr_paths:
      - "gs://public-datasets-eumetsat-solar-forecasting/satellite/EUMETSAT/SEVIRI_RSS/v4/2020_nonhrv.zarr"
      - "gs://public-datasets-eumetsat-solar-forecasting/satellite/EUMETSAT/SEVIRI_RSS/v4/2021_nonhrv.zarr"
```

> Datapipes is currently set up to use 12 channels from the satellite data which is the YEAR_nonhrv.zarr rather than YEAR_hrv.zarr.

Reviewer: 11 channels, the 12th is HRV, which is not included in these ones.
